>> Steve Kinney: The first
thing we wanna do,
if we look at authentication there's
this web setup button here and
we live in fancy React land,
we don't we are better than script tags.
We don't need those in our lives but we do
wanna grab this configuration over here.
And you might be like, should I be
committing my API key to client-side code?
It's fine.
Trust me.
We're going to secure
the database with rules.
And then there are, if you need to do like
admin access with like a true API key,
there's a secret API key that
you can get somewhere else.
This is the one that basically,
when this client-side application that you
are sending out to your users,
not unlike an iOS or
an Android app, It needs to know what
Firebase project it is associated to.
So, we can take this and
we can put it in our client's base,
we can send it to users.
It is totally okay, we will secure
our database through other means, so
it's not like they can just send
willy-nilly calls, yeah cool open up
the developer tools and get Firebase,
and like go ahead and do stuff, right?
No, we will have that thing
locked down not at first but
eventually we will lock it down.
So, it is safe to ship this.
So, let's go ahead and copy that.
There is this copy button here, but
I'm gonna just take the pieces I need
cuz I don't need all the rest of this.
And I'll go into Visual Studio Code, and
in my source directory I'm gonna
make a new file called Firebase.JS.
The reason I create this file is
there's a whole bunch of minor
configuration that I'm
gonna wanna do to FireBase.
So, rather than kinda have it all over my
code base, I'm just basically gonna do
it all in one place and
then export the stuff that I need.
This is also, in larger projects,
I find this really useful to put
other helper functions in there.
We're going to write most of our
hot fires by hand everywhere, but
for more common things I tend to create
functions that will go ahead and
get all posts and that's just a function
that will do the right thing for me, so
on and so forth.
We're not going to do that because
we want to practice writing and
get really familiar with it.
I don't want to abstract it away too fast.
But, in a kind of larger application,
I am very lazy, and
don't wanna type that
stuff more than I have to.
So, I tend to use this as a place for
a lot of my like abstractions and
stuff along those lines.
So, one thing we will do is we will
import Firebase from Firebase/app.
Now, you could do import Firebase from
Firebase, and you will get a like
polite console warning is not a console
are it's just a console warning.
It's in yellow saying, like hey,
maybe you don't want to do this.
The difference between doing Firebase and
Firebase/app.
if you just do Firebase,
you are going to get everything.
You are going to get the JavaScript code
for the database, the JavaScript code for
the authentication, the JavaScript code
for messaging, the JavaScript code for
maybe a whole bunch of
stuff you're not using,
which is going to make your bundle
bigger than it needs to be.
So there's nothing stopping
you from doing this
except just why be hostile to
users if you don't need to.
So, we will do Firebase/app
which is just the bare bones
as much Firebase as you need to get by.
And then we'll paste that in.
>> Steve Kinney: I'm going to change
that to const because I'm hipster.
And we've basically now wired up,
we've configured Firebase.
One other thing I'm gonna do is,
I'm just going to
export default this Firebase instance,
which doesn't really matter but
we're gonna export a few other
things from this file as well.
And solely for demonstration purposes,
I am gonna attach Firebase
to the Window objects.
So, that if we wanna
play around something or
if we want to debug, we can just open up
the developed tools and play with it.
This is not a necessarily like
best practice that you should
do in your application.
This is, we're gonna be live coding
together for a really long time, and
occasionally we might wanna poke
at stuff and explain stuff, so
we'll have this here as well.
You could even do,
if you really wanted to,
if process.env.node equals
development do this otherwise don't.
You could do fancy stuff like that.
We're not going to because we're
just gonna keep it, really simple.
Cool, the next thing we wanna do is,
we wanna set up Cloudfire, cuz this,
Firebase, we've effectively configured
Firebase and nothing with it, right?
Firebase without a database or
authentication, or storage, or
cloud functions is not much of anything,
right?
We just pulled in the core library,
we don't necessarily have any of
the tooling around with it yet.